WE'RE COMING TO YOU LIVE
FROM DOWNTOWN NEW DOMINO CITY,
WHERE LAST NIGHT A MYSTERIOUS
FORCE ROCKED THE ENTIRE CITY.
INVESTIGATORS ARE TRYING TO
DETERMINE THE CAUSE OF THE BLAST
AND THE STRANGE LINES THEY LEFT.
ALTHOUGH THERE WERE
NO FATALITIES,
120 PEOPLE SEEM
TO HAVE SIMPLY VANISHED.
THERE WERE ALSO
SCATTERED REPORTS
OF STRANGE GLOWING LIGHTS
IN THE SKY.
NOW, WITH THE PEOPLE
DEMANDING ANSWERS
TO WHAT REALLY HAPPENED
LAST NIGHT,
ALL EYES ARE ON A YOUNG WOMAN
WHO WAS FOUND UNCONSCIOUS
IN THE RUBBLE,
APPARENTLY THE ONLY WITNESS
TO THIS DISASTER.
SENATOR, WOULD YOU CARE
TO COMMENT
ON THE SPECULATION
THAT THE GOVERNMENT
IS ACTUALLY INVOLVED?
NO COMMENT.
DO YOU KNOW THE VICTIM,
SENATOR?
NO COMMENT.
Man: THEY SAY SHE'S THE INFAMOUS
DUELIST KNOWN AS THE BLACK ROSE.
SENATOR, SENATOR,
DO YOU BELIEVE...
♪ GOING FAST MAKES ME
FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Woman: DOCTOR,
HER BLOOD PRESSURE
SEEMS TO HAVE STABILIZED,
AND HER PULSE IS STRONG,
BUT SHE'S STILL NOT SHOWING
ANY SIGNS OF MOVEMENT.
POOR AKIZA.
OH, HEY, I JUST
REALIZED SOMETHING.
WE'VE GOT 3 SIGNERS
RIGHT HERE,
4 IF YOU COUNT ME.
THAT'S GOOD,
RIGHT, JACK?
LEO, FOR
THE UMPTEENTH TIME,
YOU'RE NOT A SIGNER,
BUT YOU MAY BE ONTO SOMETHING.
JACK, DO YOU THINK WE
WERE BROUGHT TOGETHER
FOR A REASON?
HMM...
PERHAPS, LUNA,
BUT I THINK WE'LL NEED...
AKIZA,
MY LITTLE GIRL.
[EKG BEEPING]
DOCTOR!
WILL OUR DAUGHTER
PULL THROUGH?
PLEASE.
SHE'S ALL WE HAVE.
I THINK IT WOULD BE BEST
IF TALKED INSIDE.
IT'S A COMPLETE MYSTERY.
PHYSICALLY SPEAKING,
SHE'S IN PERFECT HEALTH.
IT'S LIKE I TOLD
HER FRIENDS OUTSIDE.
I BELIEVE SHE'S IN THIS COMA
BECAUSE OF SOME SORT
OF EMOTIONAL TRAUMA.
EMOTIONAL?
I KNEW IT.
IT'S ALL OUR FAULT.
WE PUSHED HER TO THIS.
WE COULD'VE BEEN
BETTER PARENTS.
OH, AKIZA,
MOMMY'S LITTLE ROSE.
WE'RE SO SORRY
FOR HOW WE TREATED YOU.
PLEASE WAKE UP.
WE GOT TO HELP.
IF THERE'S SOMETHING
WRONG THE DOCTORS
CAN'T FIX,
MAYBE WE COULD USE
OUR SIGNER POWERS,
LIKE WITH TELEPATHY
OR SOMETHING.
WOULD THAT
WORK, JACK?
IF THE DOC'S RIGHT
AND SHE'S GOT SOME SORT
OF BROKEN HEART,
IT'S GONNA TAKE A LOT MORE
THAN TELEPATHY.
SHE NEEDS SOMEONE THAT KNOWS
THE TRUE AKIZA.
SAYER HAS GONE
AND VANISHED,
SO I'M AFRAID WE'RE
OUT OF OPTIONS...
AW...
UNLESS HE MIGHT HELP HER.
HUH?
I'M JACK ATLAS,
AND I THINK I KNOW SOMEONE
WHO MIGHT BE ABLE TO HELP YOUR
DAUGHTER WAKE UP, AFTER ALL.
LIKE WHO?
PLEASE TELL US.
HIS NAME IS YUSEI FUDO.
[ENGINE REVS]
SOUNDING SWEET.
NICE JOB.
THANKS.
IT'S ALMOST READY.
ANY NEWS ABOUT
WHAT'S BEEN GOING ON
IN NEW DOMINO CITY?
HMM, THE WHOLE CITY
IS IN A STATE OF CHAOS.
THE DARK SIGNERS DECIDED
TO TURN 10 CITY BLOCKS
OF BUILDINGS
INTO RUBBLE.
THE ONLY THING LEFT
IS THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT'S
HEADQUARTERS.
DO YOU THINK THEY
WENT AFTER AKIZA?
PROBABLY, OR ELSE THEY
JUST BOUGHT A LOT OF STOCK
IN BULLDOZERS.
SHE'S IN
THE HOSPITAL.
I HACKED INTO HER
RECORDS, AND IT SOUNDS
LIKE SHE WON'T WAKE UP.
A COMA.
YOU GONNA USE THAT
SIGNER MOJO TO HELP?
BECAUSE I'M SURE
SHE NEEDS A FRIEND
RIGHT NOW,
JUST LIKE YOU
NEEDED YOUR FRIENDS
WHEN YOU WERE
ALL BANGED UP AFTER
THAT DUEL WITH KALIN.
YOUR RIGHT,
BUT I COULDN'T EVEN
HELP MYSELF DURING
THAT SHADOW DUEL.
I'M SURE I'D ONLY MAKE
THINGS WORSE FOR HER.
HUH?
[HELICOPTER APPROACHES.
WHO COULD THAT BE?
I DON'T KNOW, BUT
IT LOOKS LIKE WE'RE
ABOUT TO FIND OUT.
I'D LIKE
TO THANK YOU
FOR TAKING THE TIME
TO SEE ME, MR. FUDO.
I'M HERE BECAUSE
I NEED YOU
TO SAVE
MY DAUGHTER AKIZA.
SO YOU'RE DAD.
I HEARD OF YOU.
NOT TOO FLATTERING,
I'M AFRAID, SENATOR.
I KNOW,
BUT I'M TRYING TO
MAKE THINGS RIGHT.
SHE'S IN THE
HOSPITAL SUFFERING
FROM SOME HEARTBREAK
THAT'S MY FAULT.
I PUSHED HER AWAY,
AND SHE JOINED THAT
ARCADIA MOVEMENT.
WITH SAYER MISSING,
SHE'S GOT NO ONE.
SHE DOESN'T EVEN
RESPOND TO US,
HER PARENTS,
AND WHO BLAMES HER?
THAT'S WHY I'M HERE.
BEFORE I LET MY YUSEI
RUN OFF AGAIN,
HOW ABOUT YOU TELL US
THE WHOLE STORY
FROM THE BEGINNING?
OK, THEN.
I'VE NEVER
BEEN SOMEONE
YOU MIGHT CALL
FATHER OF THE YEAR.
I HAD AN IMPORTANT JOB.
IT WAS MY FIRST YEAR
AS A SENATOR,
AND I HAD A LOT OF
RESPONSIBILITIES.
I GUESS I FORGOT
WHAT MATTERED.
HEY, DRIVER,
I NEED TO STOP
AND GET SOMETHING FOR
MY LITTLE GIRL'S BIRTHDAY.
AFRAID NOT.
IF YOU WANT THIS
ENER-D REACTOR,
THEN YOU GOT TO PASS
THIS FUNDING BILL NOW, OK?
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
HOLD ON.
HI, DADDY.
TELL ME WHEN
YOU'RE COMING HOME.
I WANT TO OPEN
MY PRESENT NOW.
DADDY'S WORKING
ON THAT, SWEETHEART.
RRGH!
YOU MISSED IT.
I KNOW.
SHE WAITED
ALL NIGHT FOR YOU.
SHE DIDN'T WANT TO EAT HER CAKE
WITHOUT HER DADDY.
SORRY.
MM...
I'M SO SORRY.
I'LL MAKE IT UP TO YOU,
I PROMISE.
[SOBS]
GOOD NIGHT,
MY LITTLE ROSE.
Akiza:
YAY! HA HA! HA HA HA!
HUH?
DADDY, IT'S PERFECT.
MY VERY OWN DECK.
MAYBE YOU'LL GO PRO.
I WILL.
WHY DON'T WE HAVE
A DUEL RIGHT NOW, DADDY?
I WISH I COULD,
BUT I'M AFRAID
I'M GOING TO BE
OUT OF TOWN
FOR THE NEXT MONTH
ON A NEW PROJECT.
IT'S CALLED
THE ENER-D REACTOR.
PLEASE, SENATOR.
WE NEED
TO LEAVE NOW.
OK. HE'S RIGHT.
I'M AFRAID I HAVE TO GO,
LITTLE ROSE.
NO! YOU PROMISED YOU'D
BE HERE FOR MY BIRTHDAY.
YOU CAN'T JUST GIVE ME
A DECK AND RUN OFF.
THAT'S NOT WHAT DADDIES
ARE SUPPOSED TO DO.
THIS ISN'T FAIR.
DON'T EVER COME BACK.
AKIZA. AKIZA!
Hideo, voice-over:
I WAS DOING IMPORTANT WORK,
BUT HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN THAT
TO A LITTLE GIRL?
AS THE MONTHS PASSED,
I SAW HER LESS AND LESS.
I THOUGHT I COULD MAKE UP
FOR LOST TIME
BY DUELING WHENEVER
WE HAD A CHANCE,
WHICH SEEMED TO WORK WELL ENOUGH
UNTIL ONE DAY.
AKIZA WAS GETTING BETTER
AND BETTER WITH HER NEW DECK.
I JOKED ABOUT IT AT FIRST,
BUT I THOUGHT
SHE REALLY MIGHT GO PRO.
MY TURN, DAD,
AND I PLAY ROSE FLAME,
WHICH MEANS
THAT YOU...
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
IT'S ME. WHAT?
THE REACTOR?
YOU SURE?
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
OH, MY SWEET,
LITTLE ROSE, I'M SORRY,
BUT DADDY HAS AN EMERGENCY
AT WORK AND HAS TO HEAD BACK.
I PROMISE I'LL MAKE
IT UP SOON AS I CAN.
AKIZA?
AKIZA IS GONE, FATHER.
I PLAY ROSE FLAME. HA!
UH! AAH!
OH...
AAH! UH!
UH!
OH, TALK TO ME,
SWEETHEART.
WHA... WHAT DID YOU DO?
AAH! MY ARM.
WHAT HAPPENED, DADDY?
WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME?
MAKE IT GO AWAY,
PLEASE, DADDY.
I'M SCARED.
DO SOMETHING. HELP ME.
DON'T COME
ANY CLOSER.
HOW DID YOU DO THAT
TO ME, AKIZA?
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?
YOU MONSTER.
DON'T CALL
HER THAT.
I'M A... MONSTER?
[SOBBING]
I DIDN'T
MEAN THAT.
YOU JUST SCARED ME.
[SOBBING]
THAT DAY,
THE BLACK ROSE
WAS BORN.
[SOBBING]
IT'S ALL MY FAULT
THAT AKIZA, MY
PRECIOUS DAUGHTER,
BECAME
THE DUELIST KNOWN
AS THE BLACK ROSE.
HER PSYCHIC POWERS
KEPT GROWING STRONGER.
I COULDN'T EVEN LET HER
AROUND OTHER CHILDREN...
AAH!
AND INSTEAD OF HELPING,
I MADE THINGS WORSE.
SHE PROBABLY JUST NEEDED
A FATHER'S LOVE
AND UNDERSTANDING,
BUT I WAS AFRAID OF HER
AND PUSHED HER AWAY.
I DIDN'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO,
SO I SENT HER AS FAR
AWAY AS POSSIBLE
TO THE ONE PLACE
THAT WOULD TAKE HER...
DUEL ACADEMY.
I THOUGHT THEY'D TEACH HER
TO CONTROL HER POWERS,
BUT THERE WAS NO
CONTROLLING AKIZA.
[BEEPING]
MM...
[PANTING]
Hideo, voice-over:
DUEL ACADEMY ONLY
MADE HER FEEL MORE ISOLATED,
SO ONE NIGHT, SHE DECIDED
TO RUN HOME.
IT'S NICE TO BE HOME
FOR DINNER.
THIS MUST HAVE TAKEN
FOREVER TO PREPARE.
WELL, I DID SPEND
ALL DAY DECIDING
WHICH TAKE-OUT PLACE
TO ORDER FROM.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Woman: DOCTOR, LOOK
AT THESE READINGS.
[MOANING]
Hideo, voice-over:
I DON'T KNOW HOW LONG
SHE STOOD THERE WATCHING US,
WATCHING US ENJOY OUR LIVES
WITHOUT HER.
AKIZA?
Hideo, voice-over:
I'LL NEVER FORGET
THE LOOK ON HER FACE.
IT WAS THE NIGHT
I LOST MY DAUGHTER.
THAT NIGHT SHE
WANTED HER FAMILY,
AND I DIDN'T
HAVE THE STRENGTH
TO GIVE HER ONE.
THEN SHE GOT MAD.
HAH!
UH!
UH! AAH!
COME BACK.
I'M SORRY. COME BACK.
Hideo, voice-over:
THAT WAS THE LAST TIME
I SAW AKIZA UNTIL TODAY.
I KNOW SHE JOINED
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT,
AND THAT EASED MY PAIN,
BUT I ALWAYS WONDERED
IF SHE FELT VULNERABLE.
Akiza, voice-over:
I JUST NEED TO FEEL SAFE AGAIN.
SAYER, HELP ME.
YOU WERE THE ONE
WHO FREED ME OF MY FEARS.
YOU WANT TO TEST ME?
CHECK OUT A DIRECT ATTACK
FROM MY VIOLET WITCH.
HAH!
UH!
NOT BAD, BUT IF YOU
REALLY WANT TO LEARN
HOW TO MASTER
YOUR PSYCHIC POWERS,
THEN STOP RUNNING
FROM THE MEMORIES
HIDDEN IN YOUR PAST.
YOUR FAMILY FEARED YOU.
THEY WERE SCARED, AND THEY
TRIED TO SEND YOU AWAY
AS FAR AS POSSIBLE,
DIDN'T THEY?
BUT NOW YOU'RE HERE
IN YOUR NEW HOME.
FORGET THE PAIN YOUR FAMILY
AND FRIENDS CAUSED YOU.
LEAVE THE PAST BEHIND
AND LOOK TO THE FUTURE.
BUT I'M AFRAID.
I'M GLAD YOU'RE AFRAID.
IT MEANS YOU KNOW YOU'RE
MAKING THE RIGHT DECISION.
I'LL ALWAYS BE HERE
FOR YOU, I PROMISE.
ARCADIA AND I CAN BE
YOUR NEW FAMILY.
YOU'RE NOT A MONSTER.
YOU'RE YOU.
I DON'T KNOW.
AND YOU NEVER WILL...
UNLESS YOU OPEN UP
TO YOUR NEW FAMILY
AND ACCEPT
WHO YOU ARE,
BUT BE MINDFUL
OF OUTSIDERS,
FOR THEY WILL
TRY TO FILL YOU
WITH FALSE HOPE
AND EMPTY PROMISES.
Akiza, voice-over:
SAYER WAS RIGHT.
I NEVER SHOULD HAVE
LISTENED TO YUSEI.
EMBRACE YOUR DRAGON.
IT'S BEAUTIFUL,
JUST LIKE YOU ARE
UNDER THAT MASK.
I'M NOT BEAUTIFUL.
PEOPLE DON'T LIKE ME,
AND IT'S THIS MARK
THAT'S CAUSED
ALL THE SUFFERING
I'VE HAD TO LIVE THROUGH.
YOU'RE RIGHT,
BUT IF YOU STAY MAD,
YOU'LL ALWAYS SUFFER.
SO JUST ACCEPT IT?
EMBRACE IT?
FORGET THE PAST?
HATE IS ALL I KNOW.
I NEVER WANTED
TO STOP YOU.
I WANTED TO SAVE YOU.
Akiza, voice-over:
SOMEBODY HELP ME.
I NEED YOU.
I CAN'T HEAL
HER BROKEN HEART,
BUT YOU CAN.
JACK SAID THAT YOU
CARED ABOUT HER.
BUT RIGHT NOW,
I DON'T THINK I HAVE
THE STRENGTH TO HELP HER.
BUT YOU MUST.
JACK THINKS
THAT YOU JUST NEED
TO DUEL HER AGAIN.
HE SAID YOUR VOICE HAS
THE POWER TO WAKE AKIZA
FROM HER COMA.
YOUR DECK MIGHT BE ABLE
TO HEAL HER HEART.
I WOULD, BUT I'M
IN NO SHAPE TO DUEL
ANYONE RIGHT NOW.
BUT YOU'RE HER
LAST HOPE. PLEASE.
I DON'T KNOW.
FOR GOODNESS SAKE,
YUSEI,
YOU CAN'T TURN YOUR BACK ON
THIS POOR GIRL, OR SO HELP ME...
UNLESS YOU'RE AFRAID
TO DUEL AGAIN.
HUH?
AH, SO IT'S TRUE.
YOU'RE STILL THINKING ABOUT
THAT DUEL WITH KALIN, RIGHT?
WELL, YOU CAN'T STAY HERE.
WOUND IS HEALED.
BIKE IS REPAIRED.
WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
I... WELL, SEE...
SHAME ON YOU, YUSEI.
IF YOU'RE NOT GONNA
HELP THAT YOUNG GIRL,
THEN WHY'D
I PATCH YOU UP?
IF I'VE ONLY TAUGHT YOU
ONE THING, YUSEI,
IT'S TO HELP
YOUR FRIENDS.
THEY'RE WAITING FOR YOU,
AND IF EVERYTHING YOU SAID
ABOUT THESE DARK SIGNERS,
PURPLE LIGHTS,
AND THE END OF THE WORLD
IS TRUE, WELL,
THEN YOU'LL NEED THEIR HELP,
AND YOU'RE SURE NOT GONNA GET IT
BY SITTING IN MY DINING ROOM.
I CAN'T IMAGINE
HOW SCARED YOU MUST BE,
BUT YOU HAVE TO FACE
THAT FEAR.
HMM.
THEN YOU'LL HELP?
THANK YOU.
Martha: HA HA HA!
AND ONCE THIS IS ALL OVER,
MAYBE YOU'LL TAKE HER ON A DATE.
HUH? A WHAT?
I'M JUST SAYING...
IF YOU TWO HAD SOME
SORT OF CONNECTION...
I'M TRYING TO SAVE
THE WORLD, NOT DATE.
HA HA HA!
HE'S ALREADY
GOT A GIRLFRIEND...
HIS DECK. HA HA HA!
OH... OH!
YUSEI,
I KNEW YOU'D SHOW UP.
HEY, GUYS.
HERE.
IT'S ME...
YUSEI.
HUH?
YOU'RE AWAKE.
OHH...
YUSEI?
WHAT HAPPENED TO ME?
AKIZA.
HUH?
WHAT'RE THEY
DOING HERE?
IN CASE YOU DIDN'T KNOW,
I'VE GOT TO NEW FAMILY.
SAYER IS ALL I NEED NOW.
OH!
AAH!
I REMEMBER.
HE FELL, DIDN'T HE,
INTO THAT GLOW,
BUT HE WAS ALL...
ALL I HAD LEFT.
HE WAS MORE A FATHER
TO ME THAN YOU EVER WERE.
THIS IS
ALL YOUR FAULT.
IT WAS THE DARK SIGNERS.
STAY OUT OF THIS, YUSEI.
THAT STRANGER OVER THERE
RUINED MY LIFE.
WHERE AM I SUPPOSED
TO GO NOW?
THERE'S NOTHING LEFT
FOR ME BUT A HOME IN RUIN
AND ANOTHER FATHER
THAT'S MISSING.
IF YOU'RE TRYING TO ERASE
THE PAST, DON'T BOTHER.
I HAVE ALREADY
FORGOT ABOUT THEM.
AND NOW I THINK
I'LL ERASE YOU FROM
MY MEMORIES, AS WELL.
DON'T DO THIS.
I KNOW THIS IS
HARD TO TAKE IN,
BUT IF YOU NEED TO
DUEL TO FIND OUT WHO
YOUR FRIENDS ARE,
THEN I'M RIGHT HERE.
FRIENDS? YOU MEAN
LIKE YOU SIGNERS?
FROM THE MOMENT
I MET YOU,
I'VE HAD MY LIFE
COMPLETELY TORN APART,
THANKS TO THAT
THING ON MY ARM,
AND THAT'S NO ONE'S
FAULT BUT YOUR OWN.
AKIZA, PLEASE
LET US HELP YOU.
YOU ALL WANT TO
DESTROY MY LIFE.
WELL, I WON'T LET
THAT HAPPEN.
AAH!
AKIZA!
IT LOOKS LIKE
THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO PROTECT YOUR FAMILY
AND PROVE THAT WE'RE
ALL TRYING TO HELP YOU.
DUEL, HUH?
I THOUGHT THAT YOU
NEVER WERE GONNA ASK ME.
NOW I'LL GET RID OF YOU
ONCE AND FOR ALL.
AKIZA, THE ONLY TIME
I EVER GOT THROUGH
TO THE REAL YOU
WAS DURING OUR DUEL,
SO THIS IS FOR YOU.
LET'S DUEL.
LET'S DUEL,
AND I'LL BE GOING FIRST.
I SUMMON MY MONSTER
EVIL THORN,
AND I THINK I'LL ACTIVATE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY.
IF I SACRIFICE IT
RIGHT AWAY,
YOU END UP TAKING
300 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
I CAN'T ATTACK
ON MY FIRST TURN,
SO IT SEEMS LIKE
A GOOD TRADE-OFF.
THIS MIGHT STICK
A LITTLE.
HAAH! UH...
YUSEI!
JACK, LOOK.
IT'S THE FIRST ROUND,
AND YUSEI HAS ALREADY
BEEN KNOCKED OFF HIS FEET
BY AKIZA'S PSYCHIC POWERS.
AND I THINK
THERE'S MORE COMING.
THE EX-CHAMP
AND YOUR FRIENDS
HAVE A REASON
TO BE WORRIED, YUSEI.
AS SOON AS I SACRIFICE
ONE EVIL THORN,
TWO TAKE ITS PLACE.
BUT HER THORNS DON'T HAVE
THEIR SPECIAL ABILITIES.
THANK GOODNESS.
YEAH, BUT IF
HE'S TRYING
TO HELP
AKIZA BY
WINNING,
HE'S GOT TO
DO BETTER.
AND NOW I'LL ACTIVATE
A SPELL CARD.
IT'S CALLED
CLOSED PLANT GATE.
I CAN USE IT
WHENEVER THERE'S TWO
PLANT MONSTERS ON MY FIELD.
THE SPELL GIVES THEM THE POWER
TO CREATE A LIVING WALL
THAT NOTHING
CAN PENETRATE.
THAT MEANS NO ATTACKS
FOR YOU NEXT ROUND.
YOUR TURN. HAVE FUN.
I'M NOT.
I'M TRYING
TO HELP YOU,
AND THIS GUY MIGHT
JUST DO THE TRICK.
OH...
SHIELD WARRIOR IS GREAT,
BUT HE CAN'T EVEN ATTACK.
YUSEI CAN'T JUST
PLAY DEFENSE ALL GAME.
I'LL THROW DOWN A COUPLE
FACEDOWNS. YOUR TURN.
IS THAT THE BEST
YOU CAN DO?
WELL, IT WON'T HELP
AGAINST THIS.
I SUMMON TWILIGHT
ROSE KNIGHT.
Computer: WHEN YOU SUCCESSFULLY
SUMMON TWILIGHT ROSE KNIGHT,
YOU CAN ALSO BRING OUT
ONE LEVEL-4 OR BELOW
PLANT TYPE MONSTER
FROM YOUR HAND.
I GOT
A BAD FEELING.
AND MY KNIGHT WILL
ONLY MAKE IT WORSE
BECAUSE NOW I GET TO SUMMON
ANOTHER PLANT TYPE MONSTER
FROM MY HAND AS LONG
AS IT'S LEVEL-4 OR BELOW,
AND I CHOOSE DARK VERGER.
BUT WITH THOSE
4 MONSTERS...
YOU CATCH ON QUICK,
DON'T YOU, YUSEI?
TWILIGHT ROSE KNIGHT TUNES UP
ALL 4 OF MY MONSTERS
TO YOU KNOW WHO.
TWO EVIL THORNS
PLUS WHAT ELSE?
BLACK VERGER...
EQUALS BLACK
ROSE DRAGON.
I KNOW YOU THINK
BY DUELING ME,
YOU'LL FIND THE GOOD
AKIZA YOU KNEW,
BUT SHE LEFT THE MOMENT
SAYER AND ARCADIA WERE LOST.
I'M THE BLACK ROSE,
AND I SYNCHRO SUMMON
BLACK ROSE DRAGON.
THIS DUEL ISN'T
JUST ABOUT WINNING
OR LOSING ANYMORE.
IT'S GONNA COME DOWN TO
WHO ACTUALLY SURVIVES.
AND NOW, I ACTIVATE
THE EQUIP SPELL
THORN OF MALICE.
THIS GIVES MY DRAGON
A LITTLE POWER BOOST.
AAH!
PLEASE, DON'T.
DON'T TRY
TO TELL ME WHAT TO DO.
YOU TREATED ME LIKE
A MONSTER
SO NOW I'LL BEHAVE
LIKE ONE.
THAT'S WHO I AM.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
IT'S A LITTLE LATE FOR YOU
TO TRY AND HELP ME, YUSEI.
I THOUGHT YOU REALLY
BELIEVED IN ME,
BUT IT WAS
ALL ABOUT MY MARK.
I'LL NEVER DUEL FOR YOU,
NO MATTER WHAT, GOT THAT?